
                         Condensed Netiquette Guide
                         ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
(or how not to make a complete ass of yourself in front of the entire world)

Don't offend other people. Simple as that. People come here to have fun
and chat with lots of other users from around the world. They
don't want to have to cope with some moron picking on them, or being
offensive in public. 
Also..

o  Don't make offensive comments in public. What you do in a private
   room with others who agree to be there is your own business, but in
   the public areas, please be sensitive to other people, who may have
   different ideas to you on what offensive is.
   Conversations relating to Drugs will not be tolerated in public.
   No talk of 'how to get or where to find' pirated software is permitted.

o  This applies to your name, desc, profiles, and anything else made
   public as well.

o  Please don't give unwelcome attention to other users, especially after they
   ask you to stop. Harrassing other users will be dealt with severely.
   Limit .fights and .greets in the MAIN room to only 1 or 2.

o  Multiple aliases are NOT allowed. If found, all names/accounts related 
   to that person will be deleted. Two different people sharing the same 
   unix/vms account and having 1 talker account for each person IS 
   considered a multiple user. UNIX admins dont allow sharing of accounts,
   so I can't let it go as being ok.

o  The wizards are here to moderate the talker, and try to keep things
   running smoothly (ie happy users). They do *NOT* want to be net.police,
   imposing a lot of regulations, they come here to chat like anyone else. 
   So try to sort out disputes yourself before you ask a wizard.
   The above guidelines that you are expected to follow and  
   to interpret sensibly. And no, it's not a democracy. If a wizard is put
   in the position where they HAVE to make a decision, that decision is
   final. If you disagree with a wizard, just deal with it, OK?

o  This service is offered free to the public, but it is not public
   property, and the owner has the right to refuse access to whoever they
   choose, free from any violations of the First Amendment (which being a
   part of the US constitution, doesn't apply to a lot of us anyway).

o  If you don't agree with the above principles, then don't use this
   service. If you want your free speech, then make your own talker. There
   is public domain code available to run a talker very similar to this one.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    The administrators of this service disclaim everything they can under the
  law of the United States, and shall not be liable to you or anybody else 
  for any damages, including any general, special, Incidental, or 
  consquential damages, imaginary or actual damages, arising out of use or 
  inability to use the program, or the actions of you or any other user. 
  This includes, but is certainly not limited to, the fact that a 
  statement made by any user of this program is not necessarily the view 
  of the administrators, nor supported by them.
    The term `administrators' refers to the maintainers of this program, and 
  to the administration of the host system on which this program is running.
  By using this program, you are implicity accepting these terms both 
  now and for any subsequent use,  irrespective of whether this notice
  appears.

Sorry about that. But it's necessary because there have been cases where
chatlines have actually been the subject of legal action. So now you know
you can't sue us, so nyaaaahhhh to you.

                                Thanks for reading, and enjoy your stay.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
