Clip-on catalog

The Excedrin Penis: It's tthhhhiiiiiiissss big.
The Snickers Penis: It satisfies you.
The Magnavox Penis: Smart. Very Smart.
The Life Call Penis: It's fallen and it can't get up.
The American Express Penis: Don't leave home without it.
The Tootsie Roll Pop Penis: How many licks DOES it take...?
The m&m penis: melts in your mouth, not in your hand.
The lucky charms penis: They're magically delicious.
The Energizer penis: it keeps going and going.
The right guard penis: anything less is uncivilized.
The Cambells soup penis: mmm mmm good.
The McDonald's penis: over 8 billion served.
The Tombstone penis: what would you like on your penis?
The Ragu penis: comes out chunkier than the rest.
The Cobain penis: it blows itself away.
The All State penis: you're in good hands.
The 7-Up penis: the UN-penis.
The Barq's penis: the one with bite.
The beef penis: it's what's for dinner.
The Bud Lite penis: great taste, less filling.
The Transformers penis: it's more than meets the eye.
The Twizzler penis: it makes mouths happy.
The Sega penis: PENIS!
The Starburst penis: the juice is loose.
The Timex penis: takes a lickin and keeps on.......
Burger King penis: have it your way.
The Flintstone's vitamins penis: 10 million strong and growing.
The Wendy's penis: where's the beef?
The Lays penis: Betcha can't eat just one.
The Little Caesar's penis: Penis!! Penis!!
The Mortal Kombat penis: nothing can prepare you.
The Bounty Penis: The quicker picker-upper.
The Domino's Pizza penis: delivers in 30 min. or less
The Monty Python penis: "isn't awfully nice to have a penis"
The Monty Python penis II: "every sperm is sacred...."
The Rice Krispies penis: what does your penis say to you?
The Extra penis: lasts an extra extra extra long time
The Charmin penis: Don't squeeze the penis!
The Beatles penis: now a quarter smaller than it used to be.
The Oasis penis: thinks it's the Beatles penis.
The Windows '95 penis: If you ask it to do too much, it'll crash.
The Virginia Slims penis: you've come a long way, baby.
The Secret penis: strong enough for a man, pH balanced for a woman.
The Micro Machines penis: a whole world, in the palm of your hand.
The Sanka Penis: Good to the last drop
The Payday Penis: Its almost totally nuts!
The yellow pages penis: Let your fingers do the walkin.
The Reese's penis: How do you eat your penis?
The Beavis penis: He-he! Huh-huh! Look! Huh-huh! It's changing color!
