
Now that you possess this privilaged position, there are a few things 
you should know...so here's a quick overview.  Use this in conjunction with 
".h staffguide"  If you have any questions, or something doesn't quite make
sense, ask any of the staff members above you in rank. :-)


^HMQ:  What's expected of me now that I'm part of the staff?^

A:  Well, you're expected to continue to help people as you did to get 
    to this position.  You are also asked to help keep an eye on 
    things, like troublesome users, anything abusive or obscene on the 
    message boards, etc.  Be friendly to newcomers, so on and so forth :P


^HMQ:  What will happen if I don't or can't perform my duties?^

A:  I look at a staff position like I do a job.  If something comes up 
    and you can't be to work, you let your supervisor know about it and 
    something can usually be arranged.  If you simply slack off, you will 
    get fired...same kind of thing here.  I realize that real life comes 
    first.  If you know that you aren't going to be able to be around 
    much for a while, talk to a higher up, something
    can usually be worked out.  However, if you simply stop coming around 
    either completely or sparingly, you will be demoted.  I've seen too 
    many talkers where people will work their hinnies off to become a staff
    member, then  once they get there, they figure their work is done.  Then 
    more staff have to be brought in to compensate...before you know it, 
    you have a ton of people with power, but hardly anyone doing the job.


^HMQ:  If I get demoted, does that mean I have no chance of further 
    advancement?^

A:  Yes and no, depending on the circumstance.   Briefly speaking, if 
    you've shown completely unreliable, most likely yes.  If you can 
    prove you are once again worthy of the title, then maybe no.


^HMQ:  Does this mean I can no longer socialize and have fun while I'm here?^

A:  Heavens no...talkers is meant to be fun, regardless of your rank.  
    Although, at times, private convos are hard to maintain when you 
    have people to help, places to go, people to see :P
    (I can tell you that from experience :P)  Staff can communicate 
    through either .tell or .wiztell.  If there is more than one staff
    member around, duties should be split up.  If you're busy, ask another 
    staff member to help you out.  If you're the only member around, you 
    might have to put that other convo on hold for a bit.


We're trying our best to be fair about promotions but, at the same time, 
trying to keep the number of staff proportional to the number of 
users we have.  That's why it's very important that those that make it 
to this level understand what is expected of them.  Being a staff member 
can be fun and work.  So, if after reading this you feel that being a 
staff member here is more than you can currently handle, please talk to 
a higher up about it ASAP. :)  Thanks!

                                            - Cygnus 
