                        Guidelines for Talker Staff


RESPONSIBILITIES:
All staff members have a certain degree of responsibility and
power, both of which increase as your level increases. Here is a list
of guidelines that ALL staff members need to follow in order for
the talker to run as smoothly as possible.  First I will define the
responsibilities of different staff ranks.

Lower Staff : Mostly responsible for policing the talker, dealing with
              troublesome users, taking the *appropriate* action to deal
              with such users.

Higher Staff: Mostly responsible for administrative duties, such as the
              banning/unbanning of sites, clearing expired users, and
              handling problems that wizards may need some
              assistance with.

ALL Staff   : Responsible for the general peace of the talker. All wizards are
              partly responsible for helping newbies and policing the place.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

GUIDELINES:
Each level has a certain amount of "power", determined by the commands
that level contains.  These commands should only be used for the purpose
they are served for. Here is a listing of how certain commands should be 
used.

MUZZLE/UNMUZZLE: Used if a user has been abusing the .shout command. When
                 the .shout command is being abused, a certain course of 
                 action should be taken.  First, a .bcast should be done
                 to notify users that shouting has gotten out of hand.
                 If this does not help, give the particular user a 
                 personal warning stating that if their behavior continues,
                 they will be muzzled.  If at last this doesn't work, then
                 use the .muzzle.  If it's a first time abuser, set a time
                 limit on the muzzle according to your discretion.  If it's
                 a repeat offender, make the muzzle permanant. Swearing
                 continously in shouts are reason for an immediate .arrest

BCAST: Only to be used to notify users to stop abusing shouts, or to
       announce an event, such as clearing of room buffers or a system
       shutdown.  It should NOT be used for any other purpose.

ARREST: Used on troublesome users that have been given many warnings but
        will not comply to the rules of the talker.  Do not use this 
        command hastily.  Before .arresting a user, take that user into
        another room via .move or .bring.  Try to talk to that user,
        explaining the rules of the talker and how their behavior is
        considered inappropriate.  Usually a person is just unsure of
        themselves and didn't realize their behavior was unacceptable,
        other times users just don't give a crap.  It's fairly easy to
        tell which is which, so use your discretion.  The .arrest should
        NEVER be used on another staff member unless you are the admin,
        which you probably aren't.
        If you see another staff member is behaving inproperly, bring it to
        the admin's attention ASAP. DO NOT act first. The admin will deal with
        the situation.

MOVE/BRING:  Should only be used to move a newbie if they need assistance 
             or to remove a troublesome user from an area. Moving or
             bringing a user in general is permitted ONLY if you have that
             users permission.

PROMOTE/DEMOTE: All staff members have the right to promote a user from
                level 0 to 1 at their discretion.

                Promotions/demotions to level 2 and above are to be handled
                as a community. NO ONE is to promote/demote within these
                levels without consulting the admin beforehand.  No
                promote/demote is so urgent that it cannot be taken up with
                the admin ahead of time. The admin will then do what is
                necessary to deal with the situation,
                whether it is to hold a staff meeting for votes on a user's
                promotion and availability of that position, or to iron
                out whatever problems a staff member may be causing.

KILL: IMO, kind of a worthless command, since .arrest should be all that is
      really needed.  All .kill usually does is aggraviate a user if they 
      are already causing problems.  Only use if a user is troublesome user
      is logging back on as someone else after having been arrested.  Sometimes
      this is effective which helps keep the ban list down.  NEVER use this
      command on another staff member, unless asked to by that member for some
      particular purpose. Kill is also used to remove users that are
      lagged out and stuck.

XCOMM: An alternative to arresting. Since it prevents the user from being 
       able to do anything, including move from room to room, it should
       be used VERY sparingly. Xcomm should NEVER be used on another staff 
       member, nor should it be used as a joke any users/staff. If there's a 
       problem with a staff member, take it up with the admin.

FORCE: Only to be used for the purpose of helping a user with their settings
       or to remove an abusive desc or enter/exit phrase if a user refuses to
       do it themselves.  This should NOT be used on other staff nor on
       abusive users just to razz them.  Deal with abusive users in the 
       appropriate manner.

DESCROOM/ATMOS: Only to be used in YOUR room unless asked to do otherwise
                by the admin.

NUKE: Only to be used to remove expired accounts, multiple accounts, or
      to prevent a troublesome user from coming back after a .ban has been
      done. If a user asks to be nuked, tell them to use .suicide (if the 
      command is available to them), else, take the matter to the admin.

* NOTE: All of the above commands are to be used in coordinance with the
  wizboard (.wnote). Whenever one of the anti-abussive/spamming commands is
  used, a wnote is needed to inform other staff of the situation. Also
  please write a warning on the user with  .wlog <user> <message> So we can
  keep track of the track record of users.

* ANOTHER NOTE: If a user is being unruly through personal means via tells,
  emotes. etc. It may be best to log the conversation for future reference.
  Since it is often difficult to judge certain situations when the abuse
  in on a personal level.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

BEHAVIOR:
Staff are expected to behave in an appropriate matter while on the talker.
Certain behavior will not be tolerated. Here's a list of behaviors that
will result in a re-evaluation of your position at the talker.

SPAMMING: Not allowed under any circumstances, in any form.  This includes
          through shouts, tells, through pictures such as Christ, mail,
          boards, or in public.

SWEARING: In private rooms with certain company, ok. But under any other
          circumstances is not allowed.

"MESSING" WITH USERS: Yes, some users can be annoying as hell, but this
          is no reason to make a fool of them.  If a user is offending
          other users, then deal with the situation by taking the user 
          into another room and talking to them, explaining how their 
          behavior is inappropriate.  If this does not work, then take 
          disiplinary action using .arrest.  By "messing" with a user, 
          you are setting a bad example for the talker, especially if this 
          joking is done in the main room. A new user might be afraid too come
          back if they see staff treating another user in such a manner.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Being a staff member at a talker comes with much responsibility and requires
maturity to handle situations properly. Failure to follow set guidelines
will result in a re-evaluation of your position at a talker, which may
result in demotion.  This guide was created by Cygnus originally, but may
have been modified for this specific talker by the admin. Any comments or
questions about the contents of this file should be directed to the admin 
first, and then if, appropriate, Cygnus secondly at:
thelittleprince@asteroid-b612.org  Yes, being a staff member is hard work, 
but a talker is meant to be a place of fun.  Let's do our best to make
it that way for everyone, shall we? :)

- Cygnus

-------------------------------------------------------------------

